Tuesday:

Officer Committee:

  - Rich and Stuart.  Bob as the chair and Mickey as the secretary.  
    No decent.

  - Meeting location.  First up, meeting time.  Inbetween semesters is
    probably not a good idea.  Is it possible to decide on two days? 
    Is the monday/tuesday the best?  Perhaps travel on the weekends is not 
    a good idea?  What about October?  Gonna try to and set it up via 

  - Send out an email with email list details to the group.  Check that
    Carl Bernaki from Illinois is on...

  - New folks just need to talk to their AES director.

  - Discussion of where to have the meeting next year

  - Forest, Bart, Brian Slater, Jeff

  - Forest's report.  Words of wisdom...  Commend committee on working 
    together.  Review appendix I on regional website.  Compare actual
    output...  show linkages with other projects / agencies.  Individual
    grants are relevant.  Important to mention anything from committee 
    members working together.  Mention technology transfer and data
    transfer.  outcomes and impacts against objectives.  Submit SAES 422
    form.  Recommend serving for 2 years.  Work report is based on what
    is done after this meeting.  Midterm report after Oct meeting

  - New members.  Approval of Experiment station director.  Approval of 
    committee.

  - Most active and successful committees will grow beyond a region.  
    Noted how the ASA session was very well attended.

  - What is the future of multi-state research.  30% of regard hatch 
    funds and converting to multi-state.  And make it all competetive.
    Timeline is a big unknown?  Not think it is doable by Oct 2005.  Not
    on the books to eliminate the hatch funds. Forrest expects the money
    to be in place Oct 1.

  - Talk about the atlas.  Is there money floating around?  Dennis sent
    a propoal to the E-extension...  There is money in the executive 
    director's funds.  Important to have it online, in a format that can
    be placed online and cross referenced and stuff.  Make it a tool
    for research and policy directors.  There is a number somewhere 
    around $2,500.  Gage notes that 3 months of time may be needed 
    to do something professional.  Make some sort of formal proposal
    on what it would take to get it done?

  - DEV.  He wants meeting details and looks forward to comments.

  - About linkages?  Any targets of opportunity.

  - Ask about the status of carbon research in the comittee.  Don't 
    know of any efforts to form committees.  Put our heads together on
    this.

  - Bart mentions soil temperatures.  He wants data.  

  - Look at the $75,000 proposal for E-extension.  What does the group
    want for geographical scope?

  - Have all of the imputs into the committe report ready to go for the
    October meeting?  Have some format for everybody.  Template for 
    reporting.

  - Have it up on a website by October?  I think this is doable?  

Describes the data and pattern.  Password protected for review....

how to access the small pot of money?  Bob will contact Darliand...

seems like something solid to do to make a website.  Need graphic help?  
Who could do that?

Look again at the objectives?  Look at rainfed versus irrigated.

Look at recreating the soils database.  Gerrit will make it work...

Look at SCAN data.

Look at PAN evaporation?  Look at how easy it would be to add other 
variables?

Risk management versus yield response research.

Open discussion of what needs to be done...

Going to Lincoln?  Have NRCS there.  Corner the statsgo folks 

A format for the report..  Mickey sent a template.

Getting a subset together for a meeting?  Apparently this is doable if it 
is approved.  

People volunteered for the writing paragraphs.Mickey soils, Pat/Dennis 
temperatures...

Meeting adjorned.
